Update section Internal Services (#255)
EGI-Federation/documentation: content/en/internal/monitoring/_index.md

---
title: "Service Monitoring"
linkTitle: "Service Monitoring"
type: docs
weight: 30
description: >
  Monitor performance of EGI services
---

## What is it?

[EGI Service Monitoring](http://argo.egi.eu) **keeps an eye on the

> performance of the EGI services**, quickly detects and resolves issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
performance of the EGI services** to quickly detect and resolve issues.
```

> performance of the EGI Cloud services**, quickly detects and resolves issues.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
performance of the EGI services**, quickly detects and resolves issues.
```

The service monitors the infrastructure by collecting data generated by
functional probes. The raw data is merged into statistics and available through
the user interface in a user-friendly way. It provides automated reporting tools
with minimal development or operational effort for setting up monitoring.

{{% alert title="Note" color="info" %}} Documentation for Service Monitoring is

> available [here](https://argo.egi.eu/egi/documentation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
available [on the ARGO site](https://argo.egi.eu/egi/documentation).
```
